# Reflection

## Question 1 (50 words)
#### When and why should you use a function like `carefulSubract` rather than `subtract`? 
Answer: We would use a function like 'carefulSubtract' when we want the number to perform a subtraction after testing to be sure that both parameters are numbers, or when the code is more complex and does not include numbers only. Then it would return the result and if not then return the string 'message'. The 'subtract' function is a simple one which will be used when you want to subtract two numbers and return the result.

## Question 2 (100 words)
#### What are `data types`, and how does data typing work in JavaScript? Name at least 4 built-in data JS data types.
Answer: A data type is a classification of data. In order for programming languages to interact with values, different datatypes need to be in place. Javascript variables can hold 8 data types. Out of the 7 data types, 6 of them are primitive(hold a single value). Some of the examples of primitive data types are Boolean, String, Number, and Symbol. Anything that is not a primitive is known as an Object. A variable can be a string at one moment and a number in another. Data types are an important concept because in order to operate on variables it is important to know something about the type. Without knowing the data types, a computer cannot safely solve problems and produce a result.

## Question 3 (100 words)
#### What is the advantage to storing information as an object (`{firstName: 'Italo', lastName: 'Calvino', profession: 'novelist' }`) rather than as an array (`['Italo', 'Calvino', 'novelist']`)? Are there any disadvantages?
Answer: Objects are used to represent a 'thing' in your code. It represents anything that is made up or can be defined by a set of characteristics. In objects, these characteristis are called properties that include a key and a value. Properties in objects can be accessed, added, chnaged, and removed by using either dot or bracket notation. On the other hand, we use arrays when we want to create and store a list of various items in a single variable. Arrays are very useful when creating ordered collections where items in the collection can be accessed by their numerical position in the list. Arrays use zero-based indexing. Advantages of storing information as an object are that an object literal is better than an array if you need descriptive keys. In arrays, keys are just numbers which is not good when you want to create an explicit data model. Also, an object literal makes it possible to create "idiomatic" classes, namespaces, modules and etc. However, the disadvantages are that objects are no iterable while arrays are. This means that you can use a for...of loop to tranverse an array but it will not work if you try doing this on an object. Furthermore, Arrays have much more methods (e.g. push() and pop() to add or remove element) as compared to objects which only have access to object.prototype. 


## Question 4 (150 words)
#### The function `sentences` transforms a data structure (in this case, a list of object literals) into a sequence of sentences. If the data structure were less predictable (e.g., if some properties of each object were occasionally missing, or if their data type was not always the same), what programming techniques could you use to ensure that your function produced a coherent output? Also, can you think of a more interesting "transform" that could be done with the same data structure?
Answer: There are various programming techniques which you can use in order to ensure that your function produces a coherent output. one programming tehcnique is closures to extend variable scope. To create a closure, you nest a function inside of a fucntion. By doing this the inner function has access to all variables in the parent functions scope. This is helpful when you are creating methods and properties in object oriented scripts. Secondly, you can create or use namespaces to prevent future conflicts with your code. Object-oriented Javascript implements namespace-like principles because properties and methods are declared inside of objects, therfore there are less likely to be conflicts. Furthermore, you could use or create certain call back functions, 'IF', 'Else' functions so that if something is missing it can alert you so that error messages are avoided. Lastly, a more interesting 'transform', that could be done with the same data structure is that a massive population register could be created which would hold information about several indivuals and thier details. This would be helpful becasue information could be accessed quicker and more accurately.
